What unicorn bone?
Where did this come from?
Although Sun Yufei is gone
His soul is still wandering around
If this Chimen Valley is real
You can reincarnate him
reincarnation
Yes, it has something to do with Fengbo Zhuang
Be sure to tell me
Origin of Jinling Island
This is an ancestral pendant in my family.
This is no ordinary pendant.
This is the relic painted by Dedao High School
Can live forever
Can exorcise evil spirits
This is your ancestor for thousands of years
The accumulated British and German
What's the use of this?
With great power comes great responsibility
Even if there is no such thing as fertility expenses
Exorcise the evil tax of yellow money
It's you.
But I'm just an ordinary person
Not so high level
You're already involved in this
What are you pretending to be?
Do you want him to get robbed?
Don't you want him to come back?
This disaster has nothing to do with you
Someone is trying to hurt him
Don't you want to know who killed him?
He's so damn sorry for Xiangxiyu
Just your poor disease
Next life
Sun Yufei, I've had enough
I'm going to let him play with the Yiming gun